ChatGPT says, 

	In machine learning, encoding refers to the process of converting data into a format that a model can understand and use for training or prediction. There are many reasons why encoding is important in machine learning:
	
	1.  Machine learning models typically work with numerical data, so encoding is often necessary to convert categorical or text data into a numerical format.
	    
	2.  Encoding can help improve the performance of a model by transforming variables in a way that makes them more informative or easier to use by the model.
	    
	3.  Encoding can also help to reduce the dimensionality of data by representing multiple categorical values with fewer dimensions.
	    
	4.  Encoding can also help to prevent issues such as the "curse of dimensionality," which can occur when working with high-dimensional data.
	    

	Overall, encoding is an important step in the machine learning process because it helps to prepare data for use in a model, and can have a significant impact on the model's performance.

## Encoding the independent variable


```
from sklearn.compose import ColumnTransformer
from sklearn.preprocessing import OneHotEncoder
ct = ColumnTransformer(transformers=[('encoder', OneHotEncoder(), [0])], remainder='passthrough') 
X= np.array(ct.fit_transfrom(X))
```

ChatGPT says
ColumnTransformer()?
	
	`ColumnTransformer` is a class in scikit-learn that allows you to apply different preprocessing techniques to different columns of a data set. It is useful when you have a dataset with different types of data, such as both numerical and categorical features, and you want to apply different preprocessing techniques to each type of data.

	Transformers (Transformation type, Name of the ecoding class, the column that we want to apply transformer )

	In this context, ColumnTransformer class will return three dimensions array. Changed each country to numerical value. 


fit vs fit_transform()?
	fit method is used to train the model with the data or in simple terms fit is used when you are feeding the data into your model, and fit.transform is used when manipulating the data or when you are changing the shape or a scale or when you are changing the data into another format which is convenient to you.

np.array
	`np.array` is a function in the NumPy library in Python that creates an array from a list or tuple. It allows you to specify the data type of the array elements and perform arithmetic and mathematical operations on the array.
	In this context, we are focing ct.fit_transform(X) to numpy array format. 







